In this module we had a detailed look at the web page workflow we used here why we use web page why
we use node Yes and NPM how we can use features like ESX to make our developer's life easier and why
we need a development server.
Now the world of front and the workflow tools is bigger than that.
There is good there are average task runners like Gollop or grunde which you could use alternatively
to peg.
But that again has enough content for a separate course on that.
I hope that for you it is at least a bit easier now to understand why we use web pick why we use a setup
like this.
Why.
Using features like the star view for us is interesting for us why we need no chairs and NPM and why
we need a development server.
And with that let's continue with our next framework which is re-act.